Go ahead, please.
Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word fuck.
Out of all of the English words that begin with the letter F, fuck is the only word that is referred to as the F word.
It's the one magical word, just by its sound, can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love.
Fuck, as most words in the English language, is derived from German, the word flicken, which means strike.
In English, fuck falls into many grammatical categories.
As a transitive verb, for instance, John fucked Shirley.
As an intransitive verb, Shirley fucks.
Its meaning is not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective, such as, John's doing all the fucking work.
As part of an adverb, surely talks too fucking much.
As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is fucking beautiful.
As a noun, I don't give a fuck.
As part of a word, abso-fucking-lutely, or in-fucking-credible.
And, as almost every word in a sentence, fuck the fucking suckers.
As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of fuck.
As in these examples describing situations such as fraud.
I got fucked at the used car lot.
Dismay.
Aw, fuck it.
Trouble.
I guess I'm really fucked now.
Aggression.
Don't fuck with me, buddy.
Difficulty.
I don't understand this fucking question.
Inquiry.
Who the fuck was that?
Dissatisfaction.
I don't like what the fuck is going on here.
Inconfidence.
He's a fuck off.
Dismissal.
Why don't you go outside and play hide and go fuck yourself?
I'm sure you can think of many more examples.
With all of these multi-purpose applications, how can anyone be offended when you use the word?
We say, use this unique, flexible word more often than your daily speech.
It will identify the quality of your character immediately.
Say it loudly and proudly.
Fuck you!
Here, 23.